# Perplayerloot Player Baseball Box

> Warning: This page is translated by MACHINE, which may lead to POOR QUALITY or INCORRECT INFORMATION, please read with CAUTION!


- Author: codian, Liver Emperor Xien Sinicization 1449
- - 出处: [github](https://github.com/xxcodianxx/PerPlayerLoot) 
- The design of this plug -in was used to solve the problem of insufficient map resources. The first start of the map loaded by the plug -in will give each player's inventory independent of other players to ensure that each player can get exclusive loot when opening the box. Even though others had opened the same box before.
- In order to prevent the box placed by the player from being misunderstood, the plug -in should be installed at the beginning of the server. If you install it during the game, all existing boxes will be considered as generated by a loot box, and its inventory will be copied for each player.
- Box database: in the TSHOCK folder directory `perplayerloot.sqlite` 

## Update log

```
暂无
```

## instruction

|grammar|Authority|illustrate|
| -------------- |: --------------------:|: -------:|
|/ppltoggle|perplayerloot.toggle|Global switching plug -in data packet hook function|
- **warn**: Using this command may cause the main.chest array to not synchronize with the internal state of the plug -in, and it is not recommended to use it in the normal game environment. After using this command, the box placed by the player will become a loot box, showing real inventory instead of personal inventory. Only the purpose of debugging

## Configuration

```
暂无
```

## feedback
- Priority to ISSUED-> Commonly maintained plug -in library: https://github.com/Controllerdestiny/tshockPlugin
- Two priority: TSHOCK official group: 816771079
- It may not be seen in a high probability, but it can also be: domestic community trhub.cn, bbstr.net, tr.monika.love